#Roles & Rights

The Roles are the rights you can give to a certain user. XPO has a few default roles that can be used but you can also create new roles that have specific<br/>
rights yourself by clicking on “Add new security role”. PicarioXPO comes with a few default roles:  "Account Manager", "Browse", "Designer" and "Editor".

When you select or create a new role, you can choose the rights of that role on the right side of the page. The different rights are described below.

####Rights
The different rights lets you setup the available parts of the XPO system of certain users.
<br /><br />

####Admin module
Allow Global Settings Management - makes the global settings visible in the admin part of XPO.<br />
Allow Label Management – makes the label management visible in the admin part.<br />
Allow roles management – makes the roles management visible in the admin part.<br />
Allow user management – makes user management visible in the admin part.<br />
Allow Windsor diagnostics – allows admin access.
<br /><br />

####API module
Allow API module and API dump – make the API module accessibly, this is for developers only.
<br /><br />

####Designs module
This allows a user to use the Designs overview page of the XPO system.<br />
You can setup if a user has the rights to add/delete/download/edit/overwrite/view the designs.
<br /><br />

####Images module
This allows a user to use the Images overview page of the XPO system.<br />
You can setup if a user has the rights to add/delete/download/edit/overwrite/view the images.
<br /><br />

####Mailtemplates module
This allows a user to add the text, email address and name of the emails that are sent and generated by the XPO system.
<br /><br />

####Projects module
This allows a user to use the Projects overview page of the XPO system.<br />
You can setup if a user has the rights to add/delete/download/edit/view the projects.
<br /><br />

####Properties module
Allows a user to setup and use properties.
<br /><br />

####Reports module
These are the “download image” and “report” buttons in the Designer module. This will allow a user to download the created image in a desired resolution and file format.<br />
This also allows a user to create and download a PDF file of the designed visual with the created visual and the used colors/designs.
<br /><br />

####Scene Designer Module
Allows a user to use the Designer Module.<br />
Allows a user to add colors from a color chart to objects in a scene file in the Designer Module.
<br /><br />

####SceneDesigner Colors Module
Allows a user to change the colors of an object in a scene file using solid colors in the Designer Module.
<br /><br />

####SceneDesigner Designs Module
Allows a user to change the objects in a scene file using different texture or images in the Designer module.<br />
Allow a user to setup the properties of a design in the Designer module. You can setup the width and height, flip and rotate the image, change the placing point, etc.
<br /><br />

####Scenes module
This allows a user to use the Scenes overview page of the XPO system. You can setup if a user has the rights to add/delete/download/edit/overwrite/view the scenes.
<br /><br />

####Showroom Module
The 'view all entities' option is to give specific users the right to display all available files in the XPO account no matter what the assigned roles or rights are.
<br /><br />

####Watermark module
Allows a user to add a watermark in the admin part of the XPO system.
<br /><br />
