#Colors and Designs
On the right side of the page the available colors, designs and design properties are displayed which you can use to modify the chosen scene file.

####Colors
The color module is a palette of colors which you can use to recolor the objects in the scene file.<br />
A basic PicarioXPO accounts contains a Picario RAL color chart and a Free color charts which allows you to choose every RGB color available.<br />
The search box lets you search for a color based on the color or code attached to a color in a color chart. The color picker lets you pick a color from within the scene file.<br />
First click on the color picker (which will change your mouse cursor to a color picker icon) and then click on the desired color of the scene file which you would like to pick.<br />
When in Free mode you can enter the desired RGB value to specify a color. PicarioXPO remembers up to 4 of the last colors used to quickly use those colors again.

####Designs
The designs are images that can be used to modify the scene objects with. Simply click an image and the selected object will be transformed using the selected design file.<br /> You can also use the same sort, filter, displaytype and search options like with the scene files.

####Design Properties
If a design isn’t visualized properly on an object in a scene file you can change the design properties to your needs. The rendering info from the design info screen is used as the standard values.<br />
You can change the width and height of a design (in millimeters). You can also change the repeat for the pattern from single to straight, half drop or brick.<br />
Furthermore you can modify the design using the contrast, the rotation and the flip properties. The placing point lets you change the coordinates from where the design starts.<br />
You can select the placing point from the list, change it with the X and Y values or just move the blue square around through the area. The design will automatically interact with the changes you make to the design properties.
