#Search
In the showroom you can search in different ways to get the results you want. <br/>
Each scene has it's own scene query that contains all the words that can be used to find that scene. <br/>

The scene query is based on the following fields:

  + The display name of a scene
  + The description of a scene
  + The storage name of a scene
  + The labels of a scene
  + The reference id of a scene
  + The id of a scene
  + The values of all the properties of a scene
  + The names of all the objects of a scene
<br><br>

####Full word search
With the full word search you can provide certain words that needs to be present in the search query of a scene.  <br/>
The search will only return scenes that have those exact words in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on full words you need to encapsulate the word or words with <b>" "</b>.

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Searching for "Bed" will return a scene called Bed but not a scene called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Starts with search
With the starts with search you can provide a word or part of a word that needs to be present in the search query of a scene. <br/>
The search will only return scenes that have words that start with that word in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on starts with you need to add the postfix <b>*</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for Bed* will return a scene called Bed and also a scene called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Ends with search
With the ends with search you can provide a word or part of a word that needs to be present in the search query of a scene. <br/>
The search will only return scenes that have words that end with that word in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on ends with you need to add the prefix <b>*</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for *room will return a scene called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Ignore search
With the ignore search you can provide a word or part of a word that is not allowed to be present in the search query of a scene. <br/>
The search will only return scenes that don't have those words in their search query. <br/>
In order to search with ignore you need to add the prefix <b>-</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for Bed* -Bedroom will return a scene called Bed but not a scene called Bedroom.
<br><br>