#Global Settings

This page is used to manage the different settings in the PicarioXPO system.

####Customization Settings
Add or change the logo in the top left corner of your PicarioXPO version by uploading a logo. This feature works best for PNG files.<br/>
Change the header color and the text color by clicking in the colored box and selecting a different color from the color chart. <br/>
You can also select a color value in HEX or RGB. The product name is the name of the PicarioXPO that is displayed on top of the login screen. <br/>
You can change the name to *businessname*XPO.

<b>Note:</b> The name XPO will always be added to the end of the name.
<br/><br/>

####Designer Settings
Set the show overwrite popup in the Designer module to “on” or “off”. When enabled, XPO will give you an overwrite warning if<br/>
you are about the save a composition made in the designer over an existing composition. This setting is enabled by default.
<br/><br/>

####Designs Settings
The view of the thumbnails in the Design overview page is set to “small” by default. You can change this to “big” or “list”.<br/>
When you upload new designs to your XPO account they will be added to the “New” category. With the 'Newthresholddate' you can specify from which date<br/>
the uploaded designs will remain in the New category.
The 'Rendertype' specifies if the Design overview page is displayed in 2D or 3D mode. <br/>
If 3D is selected you will have to choose a Default scene file at the bottom of the page.
The Repeat button specifies if the designs that are uploaded<br/>
will be handled as a repeating pattern by default.
The PlacingpointX, PlacingpointY, DropX and DropY specifies how the design is visualized on an object in the scene files.
<br/><br/>

####Global Settings
The paths to the folders should not be changed.
'Enableguestaccess' allows people to use the XPO account without logging in first.<br/>
You can adjust the rights for these guest viewers under "guest" user/rights.
'Allowduplicateentities' allows users to upload files to XPO that already have been uploaded.<br/>
So it basically allows duplicate entries. This is disabled by default and XPO will give a "failed to upload" message when a file has already been uploaded.
<br/><br/>

####Images Settings
These are the same settings as the Designs Settings only for the Images overview page.
The view of the thumbnails in the Design overview page is by default set to “small”.<br/>
You can change this to “big” or “list”.
When you upload new designs to your XPO account they will be added to the “New” category. With the Newthresholddate you can setup from which date the uploaded designs will remain in the New category.
<br/><br/>

####Login Page Settings
The login page of your PicarioXPO account can be customized using one or multiple background images.<br/>
You can upload them on this page. By uploading multiple images, the background of the login page will turn into a slideshow gallery.
<br/><br/>

####Reports Settings
The 'Report'-button can be found in the 'Designer'-module and generates a PDF-file of the image created in the designer along with the used colors and/or designs when clicked.<br/>
You can customize the PDF by adding a logo and a disclaimer text.
<br/><br/>

####Scene Request Settings
Not yet available.
<br/><br/>

####Scenes Settings
The view of the thumbnails in the Design overview page is set to “small” by default.<br/>
These are the same settings as the Designs Settings and Image Settings only for the Images overview page.
You can change this to “big” or “list”.
When you upload new designs to your XPO account they will be added to the “New” category.
<br/>With the Newthresholddate you can setup from which date the uploaded designs will remain in the New category.
