#Search
In the showroom you can search in different ways to get the results you want. <br/>
Each project has it's own project query that contains all the words that can be used to find that project. <br/>

The project query is based on the following fields:

  + The display name of a project
  + The description of a project
  + The storage name of a project
  + The labels of a project
  + The reference id of a project
  + The id of a project
  + The values of all the properties of a project
<br><br>

####Full word search
With the full word search you can provide certain words that needs to be present in the search query of a project.  <br/>
The search will only return projects that have those exact words in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on full words you need to encapsulate the word or words with <b>" "</b>.

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Searching for "Bed" will return a project called Bed but not a project called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Starts with search
With the starts with search you can provide a word or part of a word that needs to be present in the search query of a project. <br/>
The search will only return projects that have words that start with that word in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on starts with you need to add the postfix <b>*</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for Bed* will return a project called Bed and also a project called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Ends with search
With the ends with search you can provide a word or part of a word that needs to be present in the search query of a project. <br/>
The search will only return projects that have words that end with that word in their search query. <br/>
In order to search on ends with you need to add the prefix <b>*</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for *room will return a project called Bedroom.
<br><br>

####Ignore search
With the ignore search you can provide a word or part of a word that is not allowed to be present in the search query of a project. <br/>
The search will only return projects that don't have those words in their search query. <br/>
In order to search with ignore you need to add the prefix <b>-</b> to that word. <br/>

<b>For example:</b><br/>
Search for Bed* -Bedroom will return a project called Bed but not a project called Bedroom.
<br><br>